{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14680\viewh21380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Shuffle for Android
\fs24  1.0a3
\fs72 \

\fs24 Designed and implemented by Andy Bryant\

\fs38 \

\fs48 \cf2 Quick Start Guide
\b0 \

\fs30 \cf0 \

\b\fs36 \cf3 Introduction
\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Thanks for trying out Shuffle, a personal organizational tool, styled around the "Getting Things Done" methodology. Shuffle is a dumping ground for ideas and tasks. It lets you rapidly create and organize your actions, relieving you of the stress of trying to remember everything you need to get done. Since Shuffle is a mobile application, you will have it with you where ever you are. You can always add an idea you've just had, or quickly check what's on the top of your list of actions.\
\
A simple elegant workflow encourages you to categorize your actions into projects and optionally provide a context. This structure lets you to break down formidable projects into individual achievable actions.  As a project evolves over time, you can clean out old actions as they're performed, add new actions and reorder any remaining actions depending on your current priorities.\
\
Shuffle provides five different perspectives, to support the GTD workflow. All perspective support creating, editing and deleting actions.  
\fs30 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf3 Inbox
\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 This is the best place to add your actions. The 
\i\b Inbox
\i0\b0  is where all actions start off before they are processed. It's a good idea to keep your Inbox as slim as possible. Doing so, does not mean you have to actually perform the actions. It simply means you've analyzed each action and done one of the following:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 - discard actions that no longer consider important\
- perform the action if it doesn't require much time\
- assigned the action to a project (and optionally a context)\
- re-categorized the action as a project, if it requires many steps to complete\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0  Once you've processed the list, select Clean up Inbox from the menu to clear out all the processed actions from your Inbox.\

\b\fs30 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf3 Projects
\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Now that you've organized your actions, you can view them in a structured manner. The 
\i\b Project
\i0\b0  perspective lists all your projects, and allows you to drill-down into each project to view its actions. In addition to the standard adding, editing and deleting of actions, the project view also supports rearranging actions in the order you intend to complete them. This step is important for the Next Actions perspective discussed below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Projects, like contexts, can be viewed in two different modes: drill-down or expandable view. \
In drill down mode, clicking on a project takes you to another screen showing the actions for that project. In expandable mode, clicking a project shows its actions on the same screen. Each view provides the same list of features, so choosing which to use (via the Preferences) is a matter of personal preference.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
In addition to adding, editing and deleting actions (supported by all perspectives), the project view lets you rearrange your actions in the order you wish to complete them.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \

\b\fs36 \cf3 Contexts
\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 You may optionally assign a context to each of your actions. 
\i\b Contexts
\i0\b0  are situations in which you intend to perform actions. Shuffle comes with a few standard contexts to get you started: 
\i At home
\i0 , 
\i At  work
\i0 , 
\i Online
\i0 , 
\i Errands
\i0 , 
\i Contact
\i0  and 
\i Read
\i0 . Feel free to modify or delete the existing contexts, or add new ones that suit your situation.\
\
The context view is especially useful when you're intending on getting something done, and need to see what actions are applicable to your current situation. For instance, you're out and about in town, so you check your 
\i Errands
\i0  context and see you need to buy an umbrella and pick up the dry cleaning on your way home.\
\
Like the Projects perspective, contexts can be viewed in either drill-down or expandable mode, configurable via Preferences. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \

\b\fs36 \cf3 Next Actions\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i\fs30 \cf0 Next actions
\i0\b0  is the best place to look to determine what needs to be done. It shows the the top action for each of your projects. If you've organized each of your projects actions in the order you intend to complete them, this list quickly shows you the most important actions for you to get started on now.\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf3 Due Actions\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i\fs30 \cf0 Due actions
\i0\b0  lets you keep track of actions you have assigned an explicit due date. There are 3 views - 
\i Today
\i0 , 
\i This Week
\i0  and 
\i This Month
\i0  each showing actions due for the given time scale. Overdue actions are shown in all views.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf3 Preferences\

\b0\fs30 \cf0 A number of aspects of Shuffle are user configurable. The 
\i\b Preferences
\i0\b0  screen is available from all Perspectives via the menu.\

\b\fs28 Action appearance
\b0\fs30  - Customize what information to display for actions in each perspective. \

\b\fs28 List layout
\fs26  
\b0  - 
\fs30 Select whether to display projects and contexts in two screens (drill-down) or in a tree structure (expandable).\

\b\fs28 Clean up
\b0  
\fs26 - 
\fs30 Schedule automated deletion of completed tasks, delete them now, or delete everything.\
\

\b\fs36 \cf3 Keyboard shortcuts
\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
There are a number of time saving keyboard shortcuts for common tasks.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 n/m
\b0  - flip between perspective\

\b c
\b0  - create a new action\

\b v
\b0  - view selected action\

\b e
\b0  - edit selected action\

\b x
\b0  - mark selected action as complete\

\b d
\b0  - delete/discard selection whether it be a project, context or action\

\b a
\b0  - create a new project (in Project perspective) or context (in Context perspective)\

\b j/k
\b0  - move action down/up in the Projects view\

\b h
\b0  - Help screen\

\b p
\b0  - Preference screen\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf3 Known issues
\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
- Cannot manipulate actions in Expanded mode due to an Android selection bug (Android issue {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=308&can=5&colspec=ID%20Type%20Version%20Security%20Status%20Owner%20Summary"}}{\fldrslt 308}})\
- Deleting a context or project in the Expanded mode occasionally throws a NPE (Android issue {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=553&can=5&colspec=ID%20Type%20Version%20Security%20Status%20Owner%20Summary"}}{\fldrslt 553}})\
- Long action descriptions are not rendered correctly (TextView not wrapping as expected)\

\b\fs38 \

\fs36 \cf3 Project source
\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
Shuffle will be released as open source under the Apache License 2.0 around 16th April 2008. The project will be hosted at http://code.google.com/p/android-shuffle/
\b\fs38 \
\

\fs36 \cf3 Future work
\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 There are a number of features that didn't make the first cut. Here are some ideas for the future direction of Shuffle:\
- Synchronization with either a desktop, or more likely, web based version of Shuffle.  Consider using Gears so we cover offline computer access too.\
- Hooks to contacts, email, SMS and calendar applications, once they become available on the Android platform\
- A workflow for processing actions in Inbox\
- Provide undo feature for deleting an action\
- Search facility\
- Statistics page showing number of actions added and/or completed over time\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \

\b\fs36 \cf3 Acknowledgements
\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Thanks to the team behind the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tango.freedesktop.org/Tango_Desktop_Project"}}{\fldrslt Tango Desktop Project}}, an open source collection of icons used in Shuffle. Thanks also to David Gibb for providing some great feedback on the design and to Gudrun for tolerating my nights and weekends spent tinkering with Android.\
}